GRNersy Sue

Student Assignment Brief

This document is intended for Coventry University Group students for their own use in
completing their assessed work for this module. It must not be passed to third parties or
posted on any website. If you require this document in an alternative format, please contact

your Module Leader.

Contents:

e §=6Assignment Information

e Assignment Task

e Marking and Feedback

e Assessed Module Learning Outcomes

e Assignment Support and Academic Integrity
e Assessment Marking Criteria

The work you submit for this assignment must be your own independent work, or in the case of a
group assignment your own groups’ work. More information is available in the ‘Assignment Task’

section of this assignment brief.

Assignment Information

Module Name: Electronic Systems in Action
Module Code: 4012FTE

Assignment Title: Logbook

Assignment Due: 30/06/2025, 18:00 UK time
Assignment Credit: 5 credits

Word Count (or equivalent): 500 words +/- 20%, excluding all illustrations and appendices

Assignment Type:

Pass or Fail (Core Assessment). You will be provided with either a pass or a fail grade. You will have
4 attempts to successfully complete your assessment before the end of the module.

This document is intended for Coventry University Group students for their own use in completing their
assessed work for this module. It must not be passed to third parties or posted on any website.

Page 1 of 7


Assignment Task

Whilst this module encourages group work (3 person groups maximum) and collaboration
between students, every student should keep their own, individual, logs for all exercises
performed during laboratory sessions. These should be in the format of the template
provided on Aula. Some of those logs, as prescribed in the schedule in Table 1,
should be submitted as a Portfolio (all logs combined in one MS Word file) for this Core
assessment. Submission is to be through Aula to Handin via the link that will be provided in
the module Assignments section.

Session Exercise Completed with:
Lab 3 Ex. 4 Proteus only
Lab 4 Ex. 4 Proteus only
Lab 5 Ex. 3 Proteus only
Lab 6 Ex. 3 Proteus only

Table 1: Schedule of Portfolio exercise requirements

When completed, the log for each exercise should contain the following:
1. Aims (your understanding of the intended goal of the exercise)

2. Results (including measurements, snapshots of an oscilloscope, video links, descriptions
and annotations of outputs, etc. as applicable)

3. Conclusion (you can also discuss your observations, issued encountered (e.g.
oscilloscope scaling, uneven distribution of light, etc.) and the experiment conclusion)

Please do not write too much. Usually, just a few sentences for each activity on the
methodology and conclusion parts are enough. Your illustrations and results are to be the
bulk of your logs, but should be discussed when needed.

Submission Instructions:

e Method of submission: The Logbook Portfolio shall be electronically submitted via the Handin
link that will be available on the module’s Aula page.

e Formatting of submission: Microsoft Word (*.doc or *.docx) NB. Only use Microsoft Word and

not PDF.
This document is intended for Coventry University Group students for their own use in completing their P 2 of7
assessed work for this module. It must not be passed to third parties or posted on any website. age <0


Use of (Generative) Artificial Intelligence (Al)

This assessment is in the Amber (Al used to assist) category of the University’s Al use
framework.

For this assignment,

You may:

- use Al to gain better understanding on topics and techniques involved in the assignment
- check the validity of results and/or designs you have produced yourself

You may not:

- use Al output directly in your submissions (i.e. copy-pasting entire passages of text, or
even just sentences). All text in your submission must be of your own writing.

- use Al to produce designs and/or solutions to tasks from your logbook.

You must:
- acknowledge the use of Al, by ticking the relevant box in the logbook template.

Guidance for students on how Al may be used in assessment is available in the student guidance on
Al use.

Marking and Feedback

How will my assignment be marked?

Your assignment will be marked by the module team.

How will | receive my grades and feedback?

Provisional marks will be released once internally moderated.

Feedback will be provided by the module team alongside grades release.

It will be accessible via Turnitin and will be in the form of on-page highlighting and comments and/or
additional comments in the designated field.

Your provisional marks and feedback should be available within 3 weeks (15 working days).
What will | be marked against?

Details of the marking criteria for this task can be found at the bottom of this assignment brief.

Assessed Module Learning Outcomes

The Learning Outcomes for this module align to the marking criteria which can be found at the end of
this brief. Ensure you understand the marking criteria to ensure successful achievement of the

assessment task. The following module learning outcomes are assessed in this task:

1. Use test devices and measure circuit parameters using laboratory equipment.

This document is intended for Coventry University Group students for their own use in completing their Page 3 of 7
assessed work for this module. It must not be passed to third parties or posted on any website. g


2. Design, simulate and realise analogue circuits.

Assignment Support and Academic Integrity

If you have any questions about this assignment please see the Student Guidance on Coursework for

more information.

Spelling, Punctuation, and Grammar:

You are expected to use effective, accurate, and appropriate language within this assessment task.

Academic Integrity:

The work you submit must be your own, or in the case of groupwork, that of your group. All sources of
information need to be acknowledged and attributed; therefore, you must provide references for all
sources of information and acknowledge any tools used in the production of your work. We use

detection software and make routine checks for evidence of academic misconduct.

It is your responsibility to keep a record of how your thinking has developed as you progress through
to submission. Appropriate evidence could include: version controlled documents, developmental

sketchbooks, or journals. This evidence can be called upon if we suspect academic misconduct.

If using Artificial Intelligence (Al) tools in the development of your assignment, you must reference
which tools you have used and for what purposes you have used them. This information must be

acknowledged in your final submission.

Definitions of academic misconduct, including plagiarism, self-plagiarism, and collusion can be
found on the Student Portal. All cases of suspected academic misconduct are referred for
investigation, the outcomes of which can have profound consequences to your studies. For more
information on academic integrity please visit the Academic and Research Integrity section of the
Student Portal.

Support for Students with Disabilities or Additional Needs:
If you have a disability, long-term health condition, specific learning difference, mental health
diagnosis or symptoms and have discussed your support needs with health and wellbeing you may be

able to access support that will help with your studies.

If you feel you may benefit from additional support, but have not disclosed a disability to the
University, or have disclosed but are yet to discuss your support needs it is important to let us know
so we can provide the right support for your circumstances. Visit the Student Portal to find out more.

Unable to Submit on Time?

The University wants you to do your best. However, we know that sometimes events happen which

mean that you cannot submit your assessment by the deadline or sit a scheduled exam. If you think

This document is intended for Coventry University Group students for their own use in completing their Page 4 of 7
assessed work for this module. It must not be passed to third parties or posted on any website. g


this might be the case, guidance on understanding what counts as an extenuating circumstance, and
how to apply is available on the Student Portal.

Administration of Assessment

Module Leader Name: Nik Tsanov

Module Leader Email: ab1816@coventry.ac.uk
Assignment Category: Portfolio

Attempt Type: Resit

Component Code: Por

This document is intended for Coventry University Group students for their own use in completing their P 5 of 7
assessed work for this module. It must not be passed to third parties or posted on any website. age 9 0


Assessment Marking Criteria

Mark allocation guidelines to students

Work mainly
incomplete and /or
weaknesses in most
areas. Work does
not demonstrate

Most logs
completed;
weaknesses
outweigh strengths.
Work does not
demonstrate
enough of the key
required skills and
competencies.

any of the key
required skills and
competencies.

Some logs are
strong with minor
weaknesses.
Some logs are
missing.

Overall work does
not demonstrate
enough of the key
required

skills and
competencies.

Most logs present.
Strengths in all
elements.

Work demonstrates
the minimum
expected level of
the key required
skills and
competencies.

This document is intended for Coventry University Group students for their own use in completing their
assessed work for this module. It should not be passed to third parties or posted on any website.

All logs present.
Most work exceeds
the standard
expected. Work
demonstrates most
of the key required
skills and
competencies.

All logs present. All
work substantially
exceeds the
standard expected.
Work demonstrates
all of the key
required skills and
competencies.



This document is intended for Coventry University Group students for their own use in completing their f
assessed work for this module. It should not be passed to third parties or posted on any website. Page 7of7
