--- Page 1 ---
 
This document is intended for Coventry University Group students for their own use in completing their 
assessed work for this module . It must  not be passed to third parties or posted on any website.  Page 1 of 6 
  
Student Assignment Brief  


--- Page 2 ---
 
This document is intended for Coventry University Group students for their own use in completing their 
assessed work for this module . It must  not be passed to third parties or posted on any website.  Page 2 of 6 
  
 
This document is intended for Coventry University Group students for their own use in 
completing their assessed work for this module. It must  not be passed to third parties or 
posted on any website.  If you require this document in an alternative format, please contact 
your Module Leader.  
 
 
Contents:  
• Assignment Information  
• Assignment Task  
• Marking and Feedback  
• Assessed Module Learning Outcomes  
• Assignment Support and Academic Integrity  
• Assessment Marking Criteria  
The work you submit for this assignment must be your own independent work, or in the case of a 
group assignment your own groups’ work. More information is available in the ‘ Assignment Task ’ 
section of this assignment brief.  
 
Assignment Information  
Module Name:  Individual Project  
Module Code:  7011 CEM  
Assignment Title : Project Presentation  
Assignment Due:  22/07/2025 
Assignment Credit: 5 Credits  
Word Count (or equivalent): N/A 
Assignment Type:  
Percentage Grade (Applied Core Assessment ). You will be provided with an overall grade between 
0% and 100%.  
 
Assignment Task  
Submission Instructions:  
• You need to submit a presentation file . 
• The presentation  should be in a .pdf format, where the filename of the document should be 
your SID number.  
• The presentation  will be submitted in Aula.  

--- Page 3 ---
 
This document is intended for Coventry University Group students for their own use in completing their 
assessed work for this module . It must  not be passed to third parties or posted on any website.  Page 3 of 6 
  
Task and Mark Distribution:  
 
The purpose of this presentation is to assess your masters project and test its scholarly activity. You 
are therefore asked to prepare and present your project and a summary of your research and findings 
in a presentation.  
This presentation should include:  
• Broad subject area – What subject area of your discipline does your work fall into?  
• Narrow topic area – Within this subject area, what is your specific topic? (This may be simply 
an expanded discussion of your research title).  
• Relevant Existing Studies – What studies have already been done on your specific topic?  
• What are their strengths and weaknesses? How does your work fit among them?  
• Methodology – What methodology have you chosen to conduct your research? Why is this a 
good approach?  
• Research Results – Note the results of your research in detail. Relate these back to your 
theoretical framework and discuss how the results support or contradict existing studies.  
 
Marks will be allocated as follows, by assessing the relevant module learning outcome below:  
LO3 Describe effectively in formal and informal situations both verbally and  otherwise with interested 
parties.  
- Confidence in presenting (50 Marks).  
- Structure/Organisation (50 Marks).  
This presentation will be attended by your first supervisor and the second assessor. Arrange a suitable 
timeslot with all involved and can be conducted on MS Teams or any other university approved sites.  
The presentation should:  
- normally be 15 minutes followed by 10 minutes for questions and answers  
- allow a further 15 minutes for a system demonstration where appropriate  
The presentation slides should be uploaded to Aula by the given due date.  
 
 
Marking and Feedback  
How will my assignment be marked?  
Your assignment will be marked jointly by the supervisor and second assessor.  
How will I receive my grades and feedback?  
Provisional marks  will be released once internally moderated.  
Feedback will be provided  by the supervisor . The feedback will be annotated comments within the pdf 
file or within the Turnitin link . 

--- Page 4 ---
 
This document is intended for Coventry University Group students for their own use in completing their 
assessed work for this module . It must  not be passed to third parties or posted on any website.  Page 4 of 6 
 Your provisional marks and feedback should be available within 2 weeks (10 working days)] . 
What will I be marked against?  
Details of the marking criteria  for this task can be found at the bottom of this assignment brief .  
 
Assessed Module Learning Outcomes  
The Learning Outcomes for this module align to the marking criteria  which can be found at the end of 
this brief. Ensure you understand the marking criteria  to ensure successful achievement of the 
assessment task . The following module learning outcomes are assessed in this task:  
 
LO3: Describe effectively in formal and informal situations both verbally and otherwise with interested 
parties.  
 
Assignment Support and Academic Integrity  
If you have any questions about this assignment please see the Student Guidance on Coursework  for 
more information.  
Spelling, Punctuation, and Grammar:  
You are expected to use effective, accurate, and appropriate language within this assessment task.  
Academic Integrity:  
The work you submit must be your own , or in the case of groupwork, that of your group. All sources of 
information need to be acknowledged and attributed; therefore, you must provide references for all 
sources of information and acknowledge any tools used in the production of your work, including 
Artificial Intelligence (AI).  We use detection software and make routine checks for evidence of academic 
misconduct.  
Definitions of academic misconduct , including plagiarism, self -plagiarism, and collusion  can be found  on 
the Student Portal . All cases of suspected academic misconduct are referred for investigation, the 
outcomes of which can have profound consequences to your studies.  For more information on 
academic integrity please visit the  Academic and Research Integrity  section of the Student Portal.  
Support for Students with Disabilities or Additional Needs:  
If you have a disability, long -term health condition, specific learning differenc e, mental health diagnosis 
or symptoms and have discussed your support needs with health and wellbeing you may be  able to 
access support that will help with your studies.  
If you feel you may benefit from additional support, but have not disclosed a disability to  the University, 
or have disclosed but are yet to discuss your support needs it is important  to let us know so we can 
provide the right support for your circumstances. Visit the Student Portal  to find out more.  

--- Page 5 ---
 
This document is intended for Coventry University Group students for their own use in completing their 
assessed work for this module . It must  not be passed to third parties or posted on any website.  Page 5 of 6 
 Unable to Submit on Time?  
The University wants you to do your best. However, we know that sometimes events happen which 
mean that you cannot submit your assessment by the deadline or sit a scheduled exam. If you think 
this might be the case, guidance on understanding what counts as  an extenuating circumstance, and 
how to apply is  available on the Student Portal.

--- Page 6 ---
 
This document is intended for Coventry University Group students for their own use in completing 
their assessed work for this module. It should not be passed to third parties or posted on any website.  Page 6 of 6 
  
Administration of Assessment  
Module Leader Name : John Arvanitakis  
Module Leader Email : ac7632@coventry.ac.uk  
Assignment Category : Written  
Attempt Type : Standard  
Component Code : CW2
 

